Did you know you can shoot enemies to hurt them
Hit the boss until its health bar is empty to win
You can also dodge attacks by moving out of the way
You can also use the dodge button to dodge attacks
Press the shoot button to shoot enemies
You can also use the shoot button to shoot enemies
If you run out of health, you will lose the game
If your health reaches zero, you lose
Dont let the boss hit you
Dont lose
Dont get hit by enemies
Your weapons do damage
Use your weapons to defeat enemies
Use your weapons to defeat the boss
Use your weapons to defeat the boss and win the game
Dont lose the game
If you heal yourself, you will gain health
If you dont heal yourself, you will lose health if you get hit
Try to not get hit
Try to not lose
Try to not lose the game
P-Rank is the highest rank you can get but it might be hard for you to get it
S-Rank is the 2nd highest rank you can get but it might be hard for you to get it
A-Rank is the 3rd highest rank you can get but it might be hard for you to get it
B-Rank is the 4th highest rank you can get but it might be hard for you to get it
C-Rank is the 5th highest rank you can get but it might be hard for you to get it
D-Rank is the 6th highest rank you can get but you might be able to get it
You can beat the game if you want
Just try to not lose
Just try to not lose the game
Just try to not get hit
Just try to not get hit by enemies
Just try to not get hit by the boss
Just try to not get hit by the boss and lose the game
Heal yourself if you need to
How to play: dont die
How to play: dont lose
How to play: dont lose the game
How to play: dont get hit
Your pistol does damage
Your shotgun does damage
Your rocket launcher does damage
If you had a sniper rifle, it would do damage
If you had a machine gun, it would do damage
If you had a flamethrower, it would do damage
If you had a laser gun, it would do damage
If you had a plasma gun, it would do damage
Your railgun does damage
Your rocket launcher does damage
Your nailgun does damage
In order to win, you must defeat the boss
In order to win, you must defeat the boss and win the game
If you pause the game, you can quit
You can leave the level if you want
If the level is too hard, you can leave
If the level is too hard, you can leave the level
If the level is too hard, you can quit
If the game is too hard, you can quit
If the game is too hard, you can leave
Stay here if you want
Stay here, its safe here.
Stay here, its safe here. You can rest here.
Dont leave, its dangerous out there.
Dont leave, its dangerous out there. You might get hurt.
HIIIIIIIIIII
sometimes if you press,,, uhh.. it does.. something..
sometimes if you press the button it uhh.. does something..
sometimes you should press the uhm, to do things.
if you press something.. it uh, does something else sometimes..
Rocket fuel can be made by separating the hydrogen from the oxygen in water.
Just try harder <ph>PLAYER_STEAM_NAME</ph>...
Just try harder <ph>PLAYER_STEAM_NAME</ph>... you can do it...
DO YOUR BEST, <ph>PLAYER_STEAM_NAME</ph>!!!
<ph>USELESS_FACT</ph>
